This project was a way to put my HTML/CSS skills to the test by rebuilding the google website. There were two parts to this project, easy and difficult. The easy part was to recreate the simple google homepage, and the difficult part was to code and style the results page. Ultimately, the goal that The Odin Project was striving for was to challenge us to get a rough idea of how certain elements got styled and their placements.

As challenging as this project was, I loved every part of it. Understanding the functionality of the browser's developer tools, in my case Chrome, helped me tremendously! I started off my coding and styling by eye and did as much as I could before using the developer tool. Something that I struggled with during the easy part of the project was the navigation bar. I didn't know how to separate the left side with the right. I put the elements that I wanted to be on the right into a div class and floated them to the right, it was my first time experimenting with 'float' in CSS. During the difficult part I struggled with styling the header; I had the hardest time styling the google image next to the search bar. I wanted to challenge myself further by including a "Top Stories" section with the search results. The articles gave me a headache because the images inside weren't styling how I wanted them to. I learned some vital web developer skills of deconstructing/reconstructing websites, basic debugging, and I am getting more practice with Git. My comfort zone was crossed as I undertook this project due to the fact that I experimented with styles and codes I use rarely or never use at all. Furthermore, I am very proud of the outcome of my project. It is not perfect, but I walked out with more knowledge about HTML/CSS than I did walking in. I know that as I continue working on future projects and gain more understanding of developer tools and other CSS styles I can come back to this project and reflect on my growth.
